and there you were talking about real of we are in
a new video and this time we are in
minecraft and well nothing I am the doctor and
this time I bring you a super glitch for
be able to duplicate what has been the
emerald that was added to the game
the diamond the iron and also the gold and
Well, this time we're not in grand theft
auto 'now we are in minecraft and then
well there are how can you see these
are the materials for which you can
use this glitch there as you can see
and I already mentioned this what we are going to
need is going to be a craft table eo
or creation and an anvil and how are they
observing and then we are going to put
our anvil and our table
creation of preference that are close
Now what we have to do is this
select our blocks this me in
this case I grabbed the emerald and the
we separate from necessarily have to be
two later we are going to put the anvil
one by one and we're going to have to take them out
of the anvil and come back
our menu of the little arrow and how
can see now what we have to
to do is go to the menu this normal kraft
eo and we're going to have to convert
our blocks emeralds
emeralds baby so is it in emeralds
baby now what we have to do is
go to the table that the craft eo and
turn our baby emeralds into
blocks ok and how can you see two that
I already had four and this proves that
the gray works here I repeat the process
separated blocks and I tucking
one by one to the anvil now I go back to
take out the blocks as they are observing
and now what we have to do is what
same enter this from the kraft of the menu
than normal kraft and we're going to have
than to become our
blocks in baby emeralds after
we go back to the creation table and
we turn our emeralds into this
blocks
Now I have 10 fingers that I had with
those that I started now I already have 10 and then
this gray is pretty good the truth
it's the best I've been able to see and all
this wave
Now I 'm doing it with what's coming
being the diamond how can you see the
process is the same does not change at all and
Well, this cliché is pretty fast
very very easy to get many many
blocks because as you can see I did it
with two first then it says with four
and then we can fill all our
bar and being able to do the gray a lot
much faster and get much much more
emerald diamond of iron whatever
gold also and well as you can see
the gray is already quite easy is very
very fast and for those who do not dry
dry for those who do not know how to get
the anvil just get iron and
On the craft table there will be the
anvil out there is there there what can
this remove the anvil this then nothing here
as you could see I did it with the iron
and all this wave and so can
do with gold and here a cow that
he wanted to go out on the video and then that
it would be everything and so good to
Bandini I hope you liked it
may well comment share with their
customers and give you those super super likes
and then nothing here I will leave the facebook
so they can tell me to give you
He removed that wave and that is what
all about this first clicks that I upload
minecraft is the first the truth
Nothing I hope you liked and everything
it is sink us enough next
gameplay as always
a salute band and bye bye